✅ 1. CodeBase: must be a public GitHub repository
✅ 2. First push: an empty repo generated by your cookie-cutter’s yellow belt version
✅ 3. Second push: the graduation codebase of your choice into the repo, cloning it from the cohort
        repo graduation directory. In the graduation folder README.md, add your full name and the
        link to your graduation public repository.
4. Time Box: 3 hours (6 🍅) to code and refactor
✅ 5. Solo mode: no pair, no mob programming
6. Helper: transparent use of Gen-AI code assistant
✅ 7. Backlog: a BACKLOG.md file with the high-level refactoring plan
8. Notes: a NOTES.md file with your pomodoro flow
9. Tech Debt: a TECH_DEBT.md file with the catalog (checklist) of all the smells to fix 
10. Coverage: 100% to be monitored in watch mode – Note: test must be green all the time
11. Refactoring pillars [white & yellow belts] following the Refactoring Priority Premise:
    o Code is readable, discovering the domain vocabulary
    o No hidden complexity, obvious code
    o Code complexity under 4 (four) cyclomatic (IDE, local, remote)
    o No linter or check style errors
    o No code smells
    o No DRY
    o Bonus: mitigate primitive obsession
    o Extra Bonus: explicit Mikado checklist
12. Local Quality Gate:
✅  o Git Hooks
✅  o Linter & Checkstyle
    o Complexity PlugIn
    o Conventional Commits: prevent to commit if not compliant with the rules
13. Remote Pipeline GitHub Actions):
✅  o Build pipeline – Continuous Build
✅  o Test Pipeline – Remote Quality gate (local replica)
    o CD pipeline: not necessary.
14. Demo time: run the tests. They should all pass. The code must be declarative (no procedural)
and clean

High-level refactoring plan: 
    - [] make the code readable
    - [] reduce complexity
    - [] reorder responsibilities
    - [] refine abstractions
    - [] refactor to design patterns
    - [] refactor to SOLID++
    
    
